This script will accept a few different operands. It is only for use with .mp4 files.


### usage:
(* are mandatory)

&ensp;&ensp; py ME10.py [path_to_file.mp4]* [-i|--interval n #seconds] [-t|--threshold n #0-255] [--compare-first] [--compare-last] [--output-video]  
  

#### default flags if only the filename is provided are:

&ensp;&ensp; -i 1 -t 50 --compare-last 


 default output is a .png file for every frame sample


### All parameters

&ensp;&ensp;-i|--interval n &ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; This parameter decides the sampling rate of frames from the input video

&ensp;&ensp;-t|--threshold n &ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; Threshold for changes between frames, low is more sensitive, high is less sensitive, range is 0-255

&ensp;&ensp;--compare-first &ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; compare all subsequent frames to the first frame in the video. This argument will take precedence over --compare-last, which will be ignored if this is passed

&ensp;&ensp;--compare-last &ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; compare every frame to the frame that preceded it. 

&ensp;&ensp;--output-video &ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp; If this argument is passed, all output frames generated by the program will be used to create output_video.mp4
                  The program will not clean up the files afterward. Either 'Del frames*' in cmd.exe or 'rem frames*' in bash will work



### Best practices:<p>  
  
Put the phone or offending recording device in some sort of clamp, rest, or mount where it will not move or get easily jostled.  
  
This motion extraction trick relies on each frame being identical, except for anything that has changed between them.
</p>


### Features to be added: 


Choosing a rolling sample period, possibly with a fading effect

Adding altered frames to a copy of the original mp4 file, for smoothness and audio

Streaming file support. Choose a rolling sample period and apply it to an mp4 stream. I can't see this working well on anything but a decently modern desktop computer.
